[Applause]
[Music]
so you guys are who they thought you
paints
it's the funniest thing I clean all
little gutters in need an
industrial-strength tools think I found
one
Oh Lydia I'm running she has this total
stranger who cheats incredibly awful
do not make it a big night we have a gig
tomorrow okay we'll make it a quiet
[Music]
I'm just gonna be weird with it oh well
that's violence I never had a guy there
before it seems to me like you barely
even eat of the handcuffs I'm really
sorry about link no connection nothing
compared to what I have with your
girlfriend
[Applause]
I'm gonna find the last part backwards
so you can read it in the mirror
[Music]